c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\bin\Debug\ThermometerGauge.xbf
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\bin\Debug\Gauges.xr.xml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\bin\Debug\Gauges.dll
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\bin\Debug\Gauges.pdb
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\bin\Debug\Gauges.pri
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\Gauges.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\ThermometerGauge.g.i.cs
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\ThermometerGauge.g.cs
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\ThermometerGauge.xaml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\ThermometerGauge.xbf
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\Gauges.dll
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\Gauges.pdb
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gauges\Gauges\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
